# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation TOC

Location: Teleconference
Date:     July 15, 2021
Time:     1500 UTC

## Attendance
 - Board
   - James Chair (Acting as secretary) 
   - Roland
   - Oleh 
   - Mark
   - _Sergei_ (absent)
   - Sergey
   - Ben
   - _Simon_ (absent)
 - Notable Guests
  - 

## Agenda Items
 1. Education and Support
    1. Website rework - Looking for a designer to work with Wix
 1. Community and Stewardship
    1. Nothing to report
1. Reactive Course
    1. Still reviewing
1. R2DBC Update
    1. Second milestone for 0.9 specified
        1. Spec is available for drivers to implement
        1. August 1 week should be second milestone should have all drivers reeady
            1. Stored Procs
        1. November Release Goal
1. Reactive Summit
    1. What about portions of Reactive (eg autoacaling at facebook)
        1. Potential Speaker - Ariel Rao millions of sclaing servers (Ben will follow up)
    1. Making atomnous services work together
    1. Scaling with R-RSocket - Already in the list
1. Potential for new standards
    1. Reactive Stream was successful becuase it was small
    1. We need to identify a real problem first
    1. Alt: Can we connect to existing approaches to the "Reactive" name
    1. Alt: Patterns for implementation
        1. eg. Safe hand off of data between services (Sorta Exactly Once Delivery)
    1. Conclustion is that new standards is not the way.

## Motions
 1. Approval of the agenda / Mark / Roland /  6 / Passed
 1. Approval of minutes / Ben / Oleh /  6 / Passed
 1. Suspend meetings until September 9th / Roland / Mark / 6 / Passed
 1. Motion to adjourn / Ben / Oleh / 6 / Passed