# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation TOC

Location: Teleconference
Date:     March 11 2021
Time:     1600 UTC

## Attendance
 - Board
   - Jonas (Chair)
   - James (Acting as secretary) 
   - Viktor
   - Oleh
   - Simon
   - Sergei
   - Mark
   - Ben
 - Notable Guests
   - Michael (Board Chair)

## Agenda Items
 - New Business
   - Report from Education / Support
     - Roland 
       - Evans Blog Post, Upcoming post too. 
       - Loom addressing proposal  (Needs review) in main education and support doc.
   - Report from Community / Stewardship
     - Open questions:
       - How do we make it better for 3rd parties to build on our stuff with out necessasarly being part of the foundation?
       - Can we establish seperate repo / place for better support of our tools eg. reactive streams?
     - Concerns about these being a dumping group not a good place for active projects.
       - Endorsed projects suggested
   - Reactive Summit November 2-3 (Tuesday - Wednesday) Virtual
     - CFP Selection Committee
       - Ping Michael
     - Keynote ideas
       - Speaker Suggestions?
       - Phil Clay - Blizzard (Has good reactive talk) https://twitter.com/philsttr, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCu73WVg8Ps
       - Open Question: Longer or shorter split out?
       - Suggestion See What the speaks can do? and how many we have.
 - Old Business
   - Updates from Projects
     - RSocket
       - Rsocket swift into swift serverside working group
       - Building online bommerman with rsocket workshop as usage example ( In Russian (русский) )
     - Reactive Streams
        - Should we do a new release with a license change only?
        - Yes...
        - What is the version?
        - Minor patch release was suggest
     - Blockhound
       - Where should it live?
       - Legal paper work in progress
     - R2DBC
       - Oracle has release opensource R2DBC driver causing a large jump in usage.
       - New java project that integrates R2DBC
       - Roadmap for 1.0 in progress (Discussed tommrrow)
       - Maintenance for drivers, needs more maintainers
 - Open Floor
   - No Questions


## Motions
 1. Approval of Agenda  / Simon / Mark / Unamimous / Passed
 1. Approval of Minutes / Mark / James / Unamimous / Passed
 1. Adjourn the meeting / Simon / James / Unamimous / Passed 

## Action Items
 1. 

## Other Notes
