# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation TOC

Location: Teleconference
Date:     March 11 2021
Time:     1600 UTC

## Attendance
 - Board
   - Jonas (Chair)
   - James (Acting as secretary) 
   - Viktor
   - Oleh
   - Simon (absent)
   - Sergei
   - Mark 
   - Ben
 - Notable Guests
   - Kiki Carter
   - Michael (Board Chair)

## Agenda Items
 1. Report from Education and Support
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/19lBWwMI7ZIv1hT9tP00YPEAm-_DxTPUO1zuaMS5atLI/edit?ts=603d3e96
    - Nothing major to report
    - Determine actions need to be done
    - Get to point where we know what needs to be done
    - Decided to set hard ghoal for documents set action item
 1. Discuss Technical reasons for joining foundation
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-VZ9983sGFeCvqCloT-S32bAJxQwx-WB00ajd-Kv1N0/edit?ts=60255c2d
    - Needs a bit of clean up still
    - Looking for additional review and assistance
    - Should this be own by the community group?
 1. Report from Community and Stewardship
   - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TVjROFWA1l9LkMl5AXzxhMWvuYbPsI_twiTVzjEIB04
   - Outreach to other communities
   - We should highlight community at events
   - Making sample architectures
   - Still needs a Leader
   - Need list of event to try to attend / present at
   - Where does Kafka fit in reactive? 
        - Enabler of reactive systems
        - How to build a reactive system on top of Kafka
        - How can you use kafka as part of a reactive system
   - Identifing Reactive Luminaries
      - Reactive champions, not as well known, can grow into the part
      - Concerns about this being a exclusive club so we need to be clear on the goals
      - Some concerns about not allow the abusing of the "Title"
      - Suggestion that this is a yearly process
      - Asking for contribution to our blog as an alternative
      - Provide a platform for people
      - Concensus has been reached around a platform and encourging people to blog and post there blog. 
      - Place for constructive feedback.
 1. Additional Working Group(s) Discussion
   - The serverless workgroup concept
     - Focus on next generation of serverless application
     - Kiki would be willing to lead this idea 
     - Concerns that this will intersect with CNCF
       - Aiming to be a sister foundation that compliments the infrastructure aspects as CNCF manages
       - We would be higher level then CNCF app focused
       - Different goals then CNCF that are complimentry
       - CNCF is much much bigger, might be a hard comparison this is a tough sell
     - Programming model has a hole that we can fill here too
     - Does this / can this make reactive more approachable?
        - This can manage the dlivery to the masses
 1. Prodcut updates
     - RSocket is getting more attention
     - Blockhound transfer is still in progess



## Motions
 1. Approval of Agenda  / Mark / Ben / uniamous / Passed
 1. Approval of Minutes / James / Oleh / uniamous / Passed
 1. Motion to provisionally create a new Serverless working group with goal to establish mission statement / James / Ben / uniamous / Passed
 1. Adjourn the meeting / Oleh / James / Uniamous / Passed

## Action Items
 1. Detemine action plan for what and when for education and support / Roland / April 8th

## Other Notes
