# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation TOC

Location: Teleconference
Date: December 10, 2020
Time:  1600 UTC

## Attendance
 - Board
  - James (Interm Chair)
  - Mark
  - Viktor
  - Simon Blasle
### Absent
 - Oleh
 - Ryland

## Agenda Items
 1. Committee formation
    1. Open Question how many working groups
       1. Education, Support - Roland Kuhn , Jonas Bonér , Sergey Bykov
       1. Stewardship, Community - .... , Clement Escoffier, Dean Wampler, Jonas Bonér  
 1. Project addition
    1. 15 minute - Project presentations that follow a template
 1. Discussion on how to make progress between meetings
 1. Reactive streams update - Assest being transfered (should be done before Christmas)
 1. Goals for 2021
    1. Accept new project by end of Q1
    1. Accept new project not from existing member by mid year
    1. Get non-jvm project by end of year


## Motions
 1. Agenda Approval / Mark Paluch / Simon Basle /  4 / Passed
 1. Minutes from November/ Mark Paluch / Simon Basle / 4 / Passed
 1. Create 2 committies Education/Support, Stewardship/Community / Mark / Victor / 4 / Passed
 1. End the Meeting / Simon Basle / Mark Paluch / 4 / Passed 

## Action Items
 1. Slack Free Tier Channels / James Townley / Today
 1. Create a Strawperson for Project Addition Presentations / Jonas Bonér / December 24th
 1. How to include projects that cannot join the RF but can be part of it / Stewardship, Community / Q1 

## Other Notes
