# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation TOC

Location: Teleconference
Date:     2020-08-20
Time:     UTC

## Attendance
 - Board
  - Ryland Degnan (Chair)
  - Oleh Dokuka (Memeber)
  - James Townley (Member acting as secretary)
 - Notable Guests
  - Jonas Bon√©r (Board Chair)
  - Vaughn Vernon (Board)
  - Alexy Khrabrov (Board)
  - Sergi Egorov (Board)

## Agenda Items
 1. Review of current projects
 1. Review of upcoming project
 	1. R2DBC 
 	2. Reactive Streams
 		1. Approval Presumptive of Reactive Streams 
 1. Reactive Summit
 1. Review of due diligence docs Cloudflow
 	1. Guidence on project website when one comany is sponsoring the project?
 	1. Do we want to require it having it's own github organization?
 1. Review of due diligence docs Cloudstate
 	1. No contribution guide

 1. What is the product that the TOC offers
 	Discussion around what our purpose it:
 	- We are the glue around the projects
 	- Use the "Reactive Principals" as a baseline over the projects
 	- We should have a good story around why are these technologies are together
 	- Should we have a doc for the projects that show why our projects fit within the organizations
 	- EG. Make the GRPC and RSocket binding should be first class
 	- Should be a really nice technical link between the projects
 	- Overlap and repeating a little bit is ok but we have to be careful
 	- Potential / need for reference architectures

## Motions
 1. Approval of the Agenda / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka /  2 / Passed
 1. Approval of the Minutes / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka /  2 / Passed
 1. Put Rsocket into the growth category / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka / 2 / Passed
 1. Presumptive Acceptance of the Reactive Streams Spec / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka / 2 / Passed
 1. Put Reactive Streams into the Impact category / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka / 2 / Passed
 1. Move to place cloudstate into the legal LF process once the code of conduct / James Townley / 2 / Passed
 1. Put CloudState into the Incubating Category / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka / 2 / Passed
 1. Place Cloudflow into the legal LF process once there a seperate repo and governance structure / James Townley / Oleh Dokuka /  2 / Passed
 1. Adjourn the Meeting / Oleh Dokuka / James Townley / 2 / Passed

## Action Items
 1. Added language around projected acceptance in rergards 3rd (owner) porject interests / Ryland / 2020-09-03
 1. Add desired stage to google form for project acceptance / James Townley / 2020-09-03
 1. Setup shared document to show what the "point" connecting fabric of the RF is / Ryland w/ 2020-09-03

## Other Notes
