# Meeting Minutes - Reactive Foundation TOC

Location: Teleconference
Date:     September 09 
Time:     1500 UTC

## Attendance
 - Board
   - James Chair (Acting as secretary) 
   - Roland
   - Oleh 
   - Mark
   - Sergei
   - Sergey
   - Ben
   - Simon
 - Notable Guests
  - 

## Agenda Items
Call to Order
- Approval of the Agenda
- Approval of Minutes from July 15, 2021
- New Business
  - Report from Education / Support
    - Nothing to report
  - Report from Community / Stewardship
    - Nothing to report
Old Business
  - Updates from Projects
    - Rsocket 
        - Lots of attention at SpringOne
    - R2DBC
        - Shipper M2 0.9 development line 
        - Oracle drives are caught up
        - GA release during november 
        - 1.0 early next year (Done version spec is complete)
    - Blockhound
        - Not much activity
        - Underestimated time on starting a company
        - Looking for second maintainer
        - Still need to migrate this to reactive
        - Open Question: What happens if we don't have a active maintainer for this project?
  - Reactive Summit
    - Sponsorship revenue is good.
    - Only 68 Registrations (Virtual Registrations are typically low especially for virtual conferences)
    - Note: Please drum up registrations if you can social media
  - Comments and Announcements
    - James is not at Lightbend anymore.

Adjournment

## Motions
 1. Approval of the agenda / Oleh / Ben / no objections / Passed
 1. Approval of minutes / Oleh / Ben / no objections / Passed
 1. Motion to adjourn / Ben / Roland / Passed
